They're going to attack again.
They're aiming straight for us!
We have to work fast!
Chris, you and Sonic
disperse the missiles,
then launch a counterattack.
Roger.
Cosmo, take over for me.
Sure.
So what's goin' down, pal?
Okay, Sonic, here's the plan.
Looks like the Metarex are
about to launch another attack.
We've gotta try to fend them off
the best as we can, and then
give 'em a dose of
their own medicine.
Sounds good.
We'll wipe out those
Meta-punks in no time, flat.
I've got a bad feeling, Cosmo.
Me too.
These Metarex attacks
just seem to get
more and more violent every time.
But it's more than that. I
just can't figure it out.
Take off.
Hey, what was that?
I don't know. There's
nothing on the radar.
[Growling]
[Evil laughter]
Your time is up, my friends.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
The Abyss is waiting for you.
Oh, no!
Not him again!
[Growling]
Farewell.
[Grunting]
Pressure's dropping by the second.
Well, this looks like
a real hot spot.
I feel sick to my tummy.
[Groan] Chao chao!
That crash disconnected
our energy servers.
It looks like we're
stranded, you guys.
ALL: Huh?
ALL: Aah!
[Growling]
[Evil laughter]
I see we are together again.
Prepare to meet your doom.
Prepare to perish.
Prepare to succumb to the
evil that is Yellow Zelkova.
Prepare to... prepare to...
Prepare to... battle?
I don't know. "Battle" just
seems kind of weak, doesn't it?
Ooh! Enough!
This is no guessing game.
This is the moment of your demise.
ALL: Aah!
Where is the hedgehog?
Here I am!
It's Sonic!
Almost there.
Ready?
Ready.
Huh!
Illuma Shield.
Sonic, what happened?
I'm not sure.
Aah!
That's the same thing that happened
when Eggman put up his Star Shield.
Maybe it's made from
the same stuff.
You are correct, little one.
I, Yellow Zelkova, have been
fortunate enough to be equipped
with one of the very
first of the brand new
Dr. Eggman Illuma
Shield power packs.
And that's not all.
As a bonus, I received this
Eggman temporary tattoo.
You geek!
You have an Eggman tattoo?
Loser!
Don't, Amy. You'll make him angry.
Cosmo's right. Settle down.
I will not settle down!
That big yellow hunk o' junk is
gonna be sorry he ever met me!
Hunk of junk?
How dare you mock the
great Yellow Zelkova?
I'll make you pay for that!
Grrr!
Well, we meet again.
Perhaps this time, I
will finish you off.
[Both grunt]
I'd like to see you try.
[Grunting]
Hmm?
Oh, come on. You're tougher
than that, aren't you?
Aren't you gonna use your
spankin' new shield on me?
We might be able to knock
Zelkova out with a Ring Tunnel.
Right now, anything's worth a try.
Ring Tunnel!
Let's go!
Huh!
[Evil laughter]
Whoa!
Aah!
[All gasp]
Huh!
Illuma Shock!
Sonic!
Oh, no!
[Grunt] Oh, yeah?
[Laughing] You
porcupine pip-squeak.
You will never beat me.
With my Illuma Shield power pack,
I am virtually unstoppable!
You big wimp!
Gotta rely on some stupid shield.
Too afraid to fight me with
your own two fists, huh?
You're nothin' but a big baby!
What did you say?
We'll see if that
shield helps you now.
Get ready, pal.
Shadow, what is this place?
[Grunt]
[Grunting]
I've heard of tree houses
before, but tree planets?
[Grunting]
Never.
Everything's so quiet here.
I'd say "quiet" is
an understatement.
More like creepy.
I don't like it.
Me neither.
It's cold, too.
Hm.
What could that be?
Don't know. Too
bright to be a star.
Aaaaah! Uh!
Huh!
Oof.
[Growling]
[Groaning]
Huh!
[Grunting]
[Both gasp]
You foolish meddlers.
Your missiles are mere play toys
compared to my awesome power.
[Evil laughter]
Oh, no!
We have to keep trying, Cosmo.
We'll get through.
Yeah.
In order to penetrate
a shield that powerful,
we're going to have to harness
a great deal of energy.
Of course, I'm not sure where
we'll get the extra energy from.
[Growling]
Huh!
ALL: Knuckles, no!
[Grunting]
[Groaning]
Hmm?
You'd think with a fist like that,
you could actually do some damage.
You might wanna spend less
time on Illuma Shields
and more on the old
upper body strength.
I grow weary of your mocking,
you little red fool.
Aaah!
Take that!
Whoaaa!
Huh?
[Grunt]
Oof.
[Struggling]
[Panting]
[Evil laughter]
Now you will all
meet your fiery end.
[Grunt]
ALL: Aaah!
[Grunt] Not so fast, yellowbelly.
Huh!
[Groaning]
You'll be okay.
We gotta get down there fast.
You're right. Hang on tight!
I'm gonna show him what happens
when he tries to hurt my friends.
Oh, no!
Oh, yes.
Another Metarex fleet.
Persistent, aren't they?
That's my cue.
[Lightning cracks]
That was some light show!
Yeah, I'll say.
I can't believe how those lightening
bolts had such perfect aim.
Grrrr!
[Grunting]
You are giving me a headache.
Cease your pummeling!
[Grunting]
Hmm?
I'm not done. Huh!
Grrrr!
Ugh...
[Chuckling]
[Grunting]
Hm?
Uhhh!
You are in for a shock,
my tiny friend.
[Electricity crackles]
Ha! Some shock!
Is that all you got, pal?
Aah!
[Grunting]
Aaah!
[Groaning]
You think you're clever, don't you?
[Grunt]
What? You mean you haven't
figured that out already?
It's Knuckles.
He's still fighting him.
Let's get out of here
while he's not looking.
You cannot fool me!
[Crackling]
Aah!
Uhh!
I'll use Zelkova's
energy against him
to break through
that Illuma Shield.
CHRIS: Blue Typhoon,
do you read me?
He's okay!
ALL: All right!
Huh!
Hey, Sonic!
Looks like Knuckles might
need some assistance.
Let's you and me
go lend him a hand.
What now?
Will nothing deter
these puny meddlers?
[Grunting]
Huh!
Hey, big guy!
Up here!
Huh!
You still have not learned,
have you, hedgehog?
Illuma Shield!
Whoaa!
I gotcha.
Chao chao!
Hm?
Huh?
Okay.
TAILS: Cosmo!
Sonic!
Huh!
Here goes.
[Grunt]
What is this?
Hmm?
What's going on here?
Don't you worry your
little head, Zelkova.
You just sit tight. Heh.
[Grunt]
[Lightning cracks]
Huh!
Hmm?
Aaaaaah!
[Screaming]
Yeah!
We did it, Sonic!
Ha!
[Panting]
What... What is happening to me?
[Groaning]
Aaaaah!
[All gasp]
[Growling]
[Grunting]
Arrrrrgh!
Huh!!
Grrr!
Ughh.
[Screaming]
Huh!
Dark Oak will be victorious!
Aaah!
He will have revenge!
He thought he was indestructible.
Interesting.
After having researched their data,
I have discovered
the Metarex plan to-
Doctor.
Dr. Eggman, is there something
I can help you with?
Oh, not at all, my friend.
I was just admiring your
up-to-the-minute gadgetry.
I really must commend you on
your technological wherewithal.
The doctor is taking
rather copious notes.
Uh... so that he can
build one just like it.
Hmm.
Zelkova's been destroyed.
What's that?
It seems your so-called Illuma Shield
was of no use to him in the end.
Well, it didn't come
with a warranty.
[Evil laughter]
Hmm.
[Grunting]
That looks pretty interesting.
Let's see here.
[Gasp]
I knew it. It's a fake.
Why would there be
a fake Chaos Emerald
in the middle of nowhere?
How weird.
[Groaning]
Huh?
[Grunting]
Huh.
[Gasp] What?
[Groan]
Shadow, it's that Leon
guy from the resistance.
Tell us what happened.
Metarex...
They fooled us all.
They told us we could
be one of them.
But they lied.
[Groan] Destroying us all...
Already happening...
[Groaning]
Shadow...
Hm...
My pocket...
Look inside...
What is it?
You must stop them.
It's... not too late
[Grimace]